[docs] Update docs for "EAS" and "Classic Services" (#14537)
expo/expo: docs/pages/workflow/glossary-of-terms.md

The term "detach" was previously used in Expo to mean [ejecting](#eject) your app to use [ExpoKit](#expokit).

### EAS

> [Expo Application Services (EAS)](/eas/index.md) is a set of hosted services that unlock new opportunities for improving your apps and development processes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Expo Application Services (EAS)](/eas/index.md) are deeply-integrated cloud services for Expo and React Native apps, such as [EAS Build](/build/introduction.md) and [EAS Submit](/submit/introduction.md).
```
